h1. Ported from...

"Casalib":http://casalib.org/ ("SVN":http://svn.as3.casalib.org/releases/latest/code/ Revision 371)

h1. Download and Install

The most easy and proper way is from haxelib:

@haxelib install casalib@

Or you can download/checkout the source from "github repo":http://github.com/andyli/casahx .

h1. Documentation

Please refer to "CASA Lib for AS3 documentation":http://as3.casalib.org/docs/ . Info specific to this haXe port is expained below.

h1. Note

For targets other than Flash, some of the casahx classes needs "nme":http://code.google.com/p/nekonme/(cpp/neko), "jeash":http://haxe.org/com/libs/jeash(js). 

To compile test.hxml, remember to modify the path to jeash and the path to your local test server first.

h2. Cross-target Inconsistancy

All the codes in the repo is maintained to be already tested and is consistant on ALL haXe targets, except:

h3. @NumberUtil.isNumber()@

Due to inconsistence of @Std.parseFloat()@ between targets, some weired expression may fail on some platform. But normal integer/float is ok and consistant(Please check the test cases in @test.TestUtil.testNumberUtil()@).

h3. @LocationUtil@ 

Is not avalible on PHP. Assume JS is running in the web. Assume C++/Neko is not in the web.

h3. @AlignUtil@, @FlashVarUtil@, @FrameUtil@, @LibraryManager@, @UrlVariablesUtil@ , @AudioLoad@, @VideoLoad@, @Distribution@

Only available on Flash target.

h3. All classes that related to @DisplayObject@ and other visual stuff

Not available on PHP target.

h2. Different from the original casalib

h3. @org.casalib.core.UInt@

Added for internal use to make casahx usable in non-Flash targets.

h3. @ArrayUtil@

* added @indexOf()@: Same as AS3's @Array@.
* added @lastIndexOf()@: Same as AS3's @Array@.
* added @filter()@: Same as AS3's @Array@.
* added @sortOn()@: Same as AS3's @Array@.
** Options are:
*** @ArrayUtil.SORT_CASEINSENSITIVE@
*** @ArrayUtil.SORT_DESCENDING@
*** @ArrayUtil.SORT_UNIQUESORT@
*** @ArrayUtil.SORT_RETURNINDEXEDARRAY@
*** @ArrayUtil.SORT_NUMERIC@
** For @fieldNames@, it must be an @Array@. Even if you use only single field, you need to put it into an @Array@.
** When using @SORT_RETURNINDEXEDARRAY@ and two elements are the same, instead of return @0@, it returns @[]@;
* added @sortOnLite()@ and @indicesOfSorted()@: 
** Same as @sortOn()@ but one is ingoring @ArrayUtil.SORT_RETURNINDEXEDARRAY@ and one is always @ArrayUtil.SORT_RETURNINDEXEDARRAY@. 
** Good thing is their returns are typed as @inputArray@ and @Array<Int>@. 
** Performance should be better than @sortOn()@.

h3. @DateUtil@

Added @getTimezoneOffset()@ : Same as AS3's @Date@. If date is not supplied, it use 1970-1-1, which gives best performance.

h3. @ListenerManager@

It does not have @getManager@ method in non-Flash targets because of lack of @Dictionary@. Instead, its constuctor is now public (in all targets).

h3. @Inactivity@

Seems that it is a bug of jeash, it cannot detect the mouse move event in JS target.

h3. @ReversibleMovieClip@

Due to a limitation of haXe, @gotoAndPlay()@ / @gotoAndStop()@ is not overridded. You need to call @play()@ / @stop()@ to stop reversing before calling @gotoAndPlay()@ / @gotoAndStop()@.

h3. @StringUtil@

Added @stripTags()@ : Same as php @strip_tags@, ported from "phpjs":http://phpjs.org/ .
